Fix bug in threat vault v2 (#23250)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_Threat_Vault/ReleaseNotes/2_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault v2

> - Fixed an issue where an exception is raised when the API response returns `not found`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where an exception was raised when the API response returned `not found`.
```

> - Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** did not fetch incidents propelry.
```
